README.MD, before:

# Topre to Cherry MX Adapter

> <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br /><span xmlns:dct="http://purl.org/dc/terms/" property="dct:title">HHKB Topre to Cherry MX Adapters</span> by <a xmlns:cc="http://creativecommons.org/ns#" href="https://github.com/rixtox/Topre-to-Cherry-MX-Adapter" property="cc:attributionName" rel="cc:attributionURL">Naiwei Zheng</a> is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License</a>.

This is a 3D printable model made with SolidWorks that works to replace the cylindrical sliders (or plunger) of Topre switches on HHKB. The idea was first come up with Matt3o, and then the NovaTouch implemented the design in their products.

This model made several improvements to [Matt3o's beta STL design model][1]. The base stands were made thinner to prevent stucking the rubber dome while pressed. The base was made exactly the same as the original Topre's to retain the touch feeling.

![Plunger 1x](/IMG/Plunger%201x.jpg?raw=true "Plunger 1x")

I also made an extra 2.25x plunger model for left Shift and Enter keys.

![Plunger 2.25x](/IMG/Plunger%202.25x.jpg?raw=true "Plunger 2.25x")

In case you couldn't buy a PBT Topre 6x spacebar, I also made a model
for you to 3D print it.

![Spacebar 6x Top](/IMG/Spacebar%206x%20Top.jpg?raw=true "Spacebar 6x Top")

![Spacebar 6x Bottom](/IMG/Spacebar%206x%20Bottom.jpg?raw=true "Spacebar 6x Bottom")

## File Structure

    .
    ├── README.MD               # This document
    ├── ASM/                    # Assembly files
    ├── IMG/                    # Preview images
    ├── PRT/                    # Parts files
    └── STL/                    # 3D printable files

[1]: http://matt3o.com/topre-to-cherry-mx-adapter/

Commit message:

Add rendering for spacebar stabilizers. Update README.

README.MD, after:

# Topre to Cherry MX Adapter

> <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br /><span xmlns:dct="http://purl.org/dc/terms/" property="dct:title">HHKB Topre to Cherry MX Adapters</span> by <a xmlns:cc="http://creativecommons.org/ns#" href="https://github.com/rixtox/Topre-to-Cherry-MX-Adapter" property="cc:attributionName" rel="cc:attributionURL">Naiwei Zheng</a> is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License</a>.

This is a 3D printable model made with SolidWorks that works to replace the cylindrical sliders (or plunger) of Topre switches on HHKB. The idea was first come up with Matt3o, and then the NovaTouch implemented the design in their products.

This model made several improvements to [Matt3o's beta STL design model][1]. The base stands were made thinner to prevent stucking the rubber dome while pressed. The base was made exactly the same as the original Topre's to retain the touch feeling.

If you want to support this work, you can buy from my [Shapeways shop](https://www.shapeways.com/shops/axiom-1) where I make 10% fixed profits, or you can donate to [my PayPal](https://paypal.me/naiwei) or BitCoin wallet: 14VSt78bfgMx9pWXV9qbMMsxter7KYHCRd. However you are always welcome to print and use this work for personal use without paying me.

![Plunger 1x](/IMG/Plunger%201x.jpg?raw=true "Plunger 1x")

I also made an extra 2.25x plunger model for left Shift and Enter keys.

![Plunger 2.25x](/IMG/Plunger%202.25x.jpg?raw=true "Plunger 2.25x")

In addition, you can use 6.25x MX spacebar with these stabilizers.

![Spacebar Stabilizers](/IMG/Stabilizers.png?raw=true "Spacebar Stabilizers")

In case you couldn't buy a PBT Topre 6x spacebar, I also made a model
for you to 3D print it.

![Spacebar 6x Top](/IMG/Spacebar%206x%20Top.jpg?raw=true "Spacebar 6x Top")

![Spacebar 6x Bottom](/IMG/Spacebar%206x%20Bottom.jpg?raw=true "Spacebar 6x Bottom")

## File Structure

    .
    ├── README.MD               # This document
    ├── ASM/                    # Assembly files
    ├── IMG/                    # Preview images
    ├── PRT/                    # Parts files
    └── STL/                    # 3D printable files

[1]: http://matt3o.com/topre-to-cherry-mx-adapter/
